[MATH INSTRUCTOR A] Now, can
anyone answer this problem?
Miss Anya Forger.
It's three-thirds, sir!
Ah. Profoundly incorrect.
[bell tolls]
[HANDLER] Your daughter's
academic progress.
Give me your honest assessment.
HQ estimated that she'd need
to acquire her eight Stella
in about four months.
Yes. Won't be a problem.
[HANDLER] Interesting. Your
deceptive skills have dulled.
[TWILIGHT] She could get eight
Tonitrus Bolts in half the time.
[HANDLER]
Anyway, moving on.
Our embedded informant
in City Hall
was compromised this morning.
Clearly the enemy's
increasing the pressure.
So be on your guard, Twilight.
Without his information,
we'll know even less about
from where enemy eyes
will be watching you.
This country's
counter-intelligence agency
is quite draconian.
[EMPLOYEE C gasps]
Uh.
Um, what can I do for
you gentlemen today?
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A]
State Security Service.
Jim Hayward, correct?
You're being detained on
suspicion of espionage.
Me? A spy? That's just absurd!
Hey, what the--?! Stop!
Get your hands off-- Ah!
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A]
You can plead your case at HQ.
Can you believe what
happened this morning?!
Oh, that was absolutely
terrifying to watch!
I heard the guy they
took from finance
was apparently leaking
documents from this office.
Sounds like a real bad guy.
[CAMILLA]
Morning, all.
[MILLIE]
Good morning!
[YOR]
It's good to see you, Camilla.
Oh, by the way,
that reminds me.
My boyfriend ran into your
brother and broke the news.
You never told him
you got married?
Oh my gosh! It totally
slipped my mind!
Uh, really? For like,
a whole year?
Well, what am I gonna do?
[CAMILLA]
Better think fast,
'cause he said that he's gonna
be calling you here today.
[YOR]
That's right!
I haven't given him the number
for my new place yet.
Part of the reason I got married
was to get him off my back,
but I spaced out.
So... is your
brother handsome?
Wow, he is a looker!
Aw. I've always thought
that Yuri was adorable.
He's really been sweet
to me and so attentive,
like a little puppy.
[MILLIE] So he's got
issues, huh? Pass.
[SHARON]
If he's that "attentive,"
how could you not tell him
you got hitched for
an entire year?
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A] Let's start
again from the beginning.
How many files did you
pass along? Which ones?
Who exactly were you selling
the purloined information to?
Where and how often did
you meet with them?
Please let me go home.
[NARRATOR]
The State Security Service.
An organization whose goal
is to maintain domestic order,
mainly through spy purges
and public surveillance.
To complete their missions,
they rely on violence,
wiretapping, intimidation,
and torture.
This fearsome group is
commonly referred to
as the "Secret Police."
[SECOND LIEUTENANT]
First Lieutenant.
The boss requested
I take over questioning.
Copy.
Well, he's all yours,
Second Lieutenant Briar.
Sir! I'll do my best!
[NARRATOR]
Yuri Briar, age 20.
Loyal member of
the Secret Police.
[SECOND LIEUTENANT A]
Why'd they bring in
such a starry-eyed kid, anyway?
I hear he's a natural talent,
but he's just so green.
Some hotshot from Foreign
Affairs who flew up the ranks.
Boss told me...
Well, the kid's got
spunk, doesn't he?
Like a tenacious
little puppy dog!
And that's all I got.
Yeah? Okay, then.
[FIRST LIEUTENANT A]
Sounds crazy,
but maybe that's just
what we need right now.
And like you said,
he's a natural talent.
Plus, he doesn't mind
getting his hands dirty.
Hello there, Mister Hayward.
[HAYWARD] You won't be
getting anything outta--
Hey, guess what?
My big sister works at
City Hall with you!
--Yeah?
--Maybe you know her.
She's beautiful and kind,
and just super amazing.
Ah, it's been way too long
since we've seen each other.
But I'm gonna go celebrate
her recent marriage tonight!
What I'm sayin' is, I wanna
wrap it up and get outta here.
So just spit it all
out and we're done!
Look! I don't know anything!
[YURI] Yeah, well,
these photos say otherwise.
That is you, isn't it,
Mister Hayward?
Second Lieutenant!
How long were you holding on
to such important
evidence like this?
My apologies.
I forgot to submit them.
Do yourself a favor
and be honest, okay?
[HAYWARD] Truth is,
I just gave them some papers
in exchange for cash.
Look, only thing I know is,
he's from the West.
I don't even know
the guy's name.
I never asked him.
[YURI] Was there anything
awkward or memorable
about this man's
looks or speech?
Perhaps he didn't act his age,
or something like that?
No, can't say.
[YURI]
Ah, I see.
Tell me, the name "Twilight,"
that ring any bells for you?
Hm? No, not really.
[YURI] He's a spy from the West.
A master of disguise.
A key figure in the plot to
bring chaos into our world.
Which makes him
my greatest enemy.
[HAYWARD]
If I helped you catch this guy,
could we call it even
and forget all about this?
So you do know
something, do you?
[HAYWARD] Uh. I dunno.
Let me think about it.
Lying to me would only
add to your charges,
so think carefully now.
I just wanted some extra cash
to spend on the
ladies, you know?
All there is to it!
You are a married man,
right, Hayward?
[HAYWARD] Look, I'm no saint,
but you gotta believe me.
I'm not a spy, I was just
trying to have a little fun.
You know how it gets
for us guys! Come on.
[YURI] We all have our secrets,
Mister Hayward.
Take me, for example,
I haven't told my sister
that I work for the
State Security Service.
And I don't plan to.
It's a pretty dangerous job,
so it'd just worry her.
More than that,
I don't want her to know
how much dirty work
I have to do.
Mister Hayward,
you need to understand that
what you've done is treason!
Maybe you just saw it as
selling scraps of paper,
but you put the lives
of our citizens
and peace itself in jeopardy.
Do you get that now?
Unlike you, I love my family--
my sister means the world to me.
I will do anything to
protect this country.
The land my dear
sister calls home.
And I mean anything.
[BONDMAN grunts]
Go on and torture
me all you want!
I'm never gonna rat out my
friends, you hear me, swine?
[ENEMY A] You're gonna regret
bein' so stubborn, Bondman!
[TWILIGHT] If she would just
put this concentration
into her studies.
[BONDMAN]
I only got two bullets left.
How many bullets can
Bondman's pistol have?
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
Well, if I remember correctly,
I believe that it
holds eight, right?
He's got two-eighths!
Uh. It is! Good job!
He's got two-eighths
bullets left.
So you actually know
what that means?
[TWILIGHT] She's learning
something from the cartoon.
[door opens]
Loid, we've got some
serious trouble brewing!
Welcome home, Yor.
There's two-eighths
bullets left.
Yuri, he's coming!
Here, tonight! Here!
Here?
[YOR] Now he knows, so of course
he insisted on coming over.
What're we gonna do?
He can't find out the
whole thing is fake.
No need to worry.
I've prepared for this.
Picked up a bunch of
lovey-dovey couple stuff
for this very occasion.
[BOTH]
Uh...
[ANYA]
Papa and Mama are flirting.
[YOR, TWILIGHT]
No, we are not!
Mama's brother,
he's still not here yet?
You mean your uncle.
Unkie.
Seems it's gotten way
past your bedtime, Anya.
But I really wanna
meet my unkie, too.
[YOR] He's probably
still stuck at work.
[YURI] I got a little outta
hand and now I'm late.
Ah, finally! I'll get
to see Sis again!
It's been so long!
♪ La, la! ♪
[YURI groans]
[YURI] Those ribs that she broke
way back when are tingling!
It's like I remember
her loving embrace
and it makes me feel electric!
But what took her so long?
I mean, why on earth would
she wait a whole year
to tell me that she got married?
Uh! Could he be some
kind of monster?
Some jerk that she never
wanted me to meet?
[YURI] I will eliminate
anything in this country
that threatens my dear sister,
including this
so-called "husband."
Loid Forger.
If he harms one hair
on her beautiful head,
he'll spend the rest
of his life in a cell.
No, calm down. She can't
find out about my job.
To protect myself
and keep her happy,
she can never know
what I really do!
[TWILIGHT] Yuri Briar. The
Forgers' only blood relative.
It's easy to slip up around
someone you're close to.
We have to be very careful.
I worked extremely hard
to create this family,
and I can't risk losing it now.
[NARRATOR] Everyone has
a secret side to them,
one they don't show
to anyone else.
Not to their friends,
their lovers,
or even their own
flesh and blood.
Hi! I'm Yuri!
[NARRATOR] Hiding their feelings
behind a mask of smiles
and keeping their real
selves a mystery.
This is how civilization
is able to maintain
its thin veneer of
peace and stability.
[TV ANNOUNCER] Foreign Minister
Windsor met with
Westalis's Foreign Minister
Brantz for six days of talks,
Welcome to our
humble abode, Yuri.
[TWILIGHT, YURI] I'm going
to find out if this man
--[TWILIGHT] does indeed
--[YURI] is indeed
--pose a threat to our family.
--worthy of my sister or not.
[YURI] No, there's no
way in hell he's worthy.
Well, allow me to take
your coat and things.
Naw, don't worry about it.
I'm fine, thank you.
I'll go and whip up
something for us to eat
real quick, all right?
You two relax and catch up.
Oh, I'm not that hungry.
[YURI] I would never eat
something he made.
What's with the
scary face, Yuri?
There's no need to be nervous.
Me? No, I'm totally relaxed!
[YURI] Dammit. Must be letting
my hostility show.
I'm still too worked up
from that interrogation.
--[YURI] I need to play the part
--[YOR] I need to play the part
--of the dutiful civil servant.
--of the dutiful, loving wife.
[YOR] I could never let him
know that I got married
so I could keep doing
my assassin gig!
[YOR]
The flowers are lovely, Yuri.
Hey, listen, Sis.
I still can't say that I've
accepted your marriage yet.
Why did you keep it
secret for a year?
I can't give you my blessing
until you give me an answer!
[TWILIGHT]
Perfectly reasonable. Well?
About your brother,
what do you say we just
tell him everything?
I mean, he's well aware
what the political
climate's like these days.
Single women are regarded
as suspicious now,
so that's a perfectly
legitimate concern for you.
No! No way!
Yuri's always been extremely
sensitive, to put it lightly.
Which means, if-if he found out
that I got married to someone
I wasn't in love with,
he would not take
the news very well.
Of course, I really don't wanna
put you in a bad spot, Loid.
But I also don't
wanna put poor Yuri
under any extra stress
that he can't handle.
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm...
Oh, but don't you worry, okay?
It's fine, I have the
perfect excuse for him!
I know Yuri better than
anyone else in the world,
so relax, and just
leave everything to me!
[TWILIGHT]
You got this, Yor.
[YURI]
So? I need to know!
Why didn't you tell me?
Well, because I--
Look, I just forgot, okay?
[YURI] Huh? Really?
'Cause that seems...
I just spaced out!
But when I talked to you
on the phone the other day,
you said "your date."
Why didn't you tell me then?
[YOR]
Just, ya know,
'cause I forgot that I had
forgotten to tell you
that I'd gotten married!
Well, I guess I'm just gonna
have to take your word for it.
Sorry.
[TWILIGHT]
That worked?
[NARRATOR]
When it comes to his sister,
the man's logic
flies out the window.
[YURI] Jeez. You've always
been such a scatterbrain.
[TWILIGHT]
Is this normal for them?
Sorry that took so long.
[YURI] Where does he get the
nerve to just butt in like that?
Okay. I gotta cool it
with the attitude.
Don't wanna make Sis mad at me.
I can play nice for
a bit, and fake--
Loid's an amazing cook!
Don't you think?
[YURI] Ugh. It'll take a lot
more than food to win me over,
you scumbag.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
[YURI] Oh, yeah, I brought
over some wine to share.
Help yourselves.
Awfully thoughtful of you.
[YURI] I'll get you drunk
and expose you
for the piece of garbage
you really are!
You should probably abstain.
That's a good idea.
[YOR]
Too bad.
[YURI]
So where'd you two meet anyway?
A little boutique
on Third Street.
I never had a man stare at me
that intently before in my life.
Like, "What's his deal?"
Yeah, well, I was just so
enthralled by her beauty.
[TWILIGHT]
Phrasing, Yor.
I need to change the subject
before we get caught
in a major slip up.
Then after we went out
to dinner a few times,
things kinda took off.
Tell me a little more
about these "dinners."
What restaurants did you go to?
What did you order?
How many dates?
When did the two of you
decide to get married?
Well, I, uh...
[TWILIGHT] This feels strangely
like an interrogation.
[YURI] What do the two of you
like to call each other?
Um, I call her Yor?
[YURI]
"Yor"? But that's our thing!
[YURI] Whaddya call him, then?
"Loi Loi" or "Loidy"?
[gasps] Uh...
[screams]
Loidy!
Damn it!
Look, I just call
him Loid, okay?!
[NARRATOR]
That thing earlier about logic
flying out the window?
There it went.
You all right?
How 'bout some water?
Uh...
[YURI] What does she see
in this chump anyway?
So what if he can cook,
he's tall, handsome,
thoughtful, a doctor?
He's--
Damn it!
Please calm down, Yuri!
[TWILIGHT]
Is this normal for them, too?
Oh, from what Yor tells me,
you're some kind of diplomat.
[TWILIGHT]
Divert! Divert!
That's quite an
impressive line of work.
And your big sister sure does
love to brag about you.
I was talking to Dominic
and he said that you'd
recently gone to Hugaria.
Oh. Yeah. Still just
for work stuff, though.
I mean, the city was
really beautiful.
Wish you could've been
there with me, Sis.
Tons of cafes.
There's an old one in particular
that the empress would go to.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
In the capital Obda, right?
It has a bunch of
excellent restaurants.
Spent some time there
back when I was still
a medical student.
[YURI] Really? I ate at
Kalpatia a few times.
The old man who runs the place
makes a killer goulash.
[TWILIGHT]
Yes, that was to die for! Ah.
Now I see, this wine's
from Hugaria, huh?
It's great stuff.
[TWILIGHT]
The wine.
Yeah, isn't it?
[TWILIGHT] "Got it at a
shop on Hedger Street."
I picked it up at a tiny
little shop on Hedger Street.
It must've been pricey.
[TWILIGHT]
Around 200 dalc.
Naw, about 200 dalc or so.
[TWILIGHT]
I knew it.
Well, that's fancy
enough for me.
I appreciate the gesture.
[TWILIGHT] This conversation,
it's straight out of
the Ostanian Intelligence
Agency's manual
for the art of deception.
A template used
to fabricate a story
about going to another country.
Which means, the whole
trip is a lie.
Besides, the owner of Kalpatia's
son runs the shop these days.
And a poor harvest bumped the
price of the wine to 300 dalc.
You can fool a regular person
with this, but not me.
I'm not your mark, Yuri Briar.
I was suspicious
as soon as I heard
he worked for the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs.
A common entryway to espionage.
So I had Franky do some digging,
and there are records showing
he worked at the ministry
up until a year ago.
That must've been
around the time
he was scouted by intelligence.
Putting it all together,
I'd say he works for
the domestic
counter-intelligence agency.
WISE's mortal enemy,
the Secret Police.
Still, though it's dangerous,
as long as he doesn't find
out who I really am,
this relationship
could prove useful.
If I play my cards right,
he could be a powerful
source of intel.
I guess the drinks will
be on us next time.
Oh, it's just great you have
a cool older brother now, Yuri!
[TWILIGHT] Seems he's concealing
his identity from Yor, too.
That could provide me some
with leverage on him.
[YOR]
Yuri?
I don't recall ever
giving this my blessing!
This guy is not my brother,
you understand me?
[YOR]
Don't be so rude, Yuri.
[YURI]
You're right about me.
I made a name for myself,
I have a respectable career,
and I can buy nice
bottles of wine,
but that's all
'cause of my sister!
We lost our parents,
and we had no money.
We couldn't even afford
to buy school books,
so she went out and--
Sis is super late.
Is she still at her
part-time job?
Yuri, I'm home!
[YURI]
Sis!
What's wrong with you?
You're covered in blood!
Did something happen at work?
What? Oh. No, I'm okay.
[YOR]
This isn't my blood.
[YOR] But check this out.
A little something.
Ta-da! It's the encyclopedia
you wanted!
They paid me extra this time,
so I went and picked
this up for you!
Oh, Sis, I--
Ta-da!
[YURI]
She'd always work herself bloody
just to try and make me happy.
So I made up my mind.
When I was old enough,
I'd work to be the kind of man
who could protect my sister.
She's the only family I have,
and the most important person
in the world to me.
Think about it!
Can you even begin to
imagine how it feels
when some random guy
just comes outta nowhere
and takes away the one
you care about most?
Yuri.
[YURI] I mean,
of course I wanted you
to get married someday
and find true happiness.
But he has to be the right one!
He's gotta be someone
who's more capable
of looking out
for you than I am!
Are you saying you're the guy
who can do that?! Loidy?!
Uh.
[YOR] All I want to do is put
my brother's mind at ease.
[TWILIGHT] Listen, I love Yor
just as much as you do,
if not more!
And my daughter loves
her very much, too.
[YOR]
Don't forget.
This is all just an elaborate
ruse to fool Yuri.
[TWILIGHT] She is already
a part of my family.
And if spears or bullets
or even meteors rained
down from the sky,
I would risk my life
in order to protect her.
[NARRATOR]
The man was an exceptional liar.
[gasps]
[YURI]
Wait a sec, meteors?
I could do spears or bullets,
but I never dreamed
of anything like that!
Is he like, crazy powerful?
How could he?
Yeah, well, talk is cheap,
so you can say
whatever you want.
You liar! I can tell
by your liar face!
[YOR]
Oh, no.
You got yourself all worked
up for no reason, Yuri.
[TWILIGHT]
My "liar face"?
Has he seen through me?
No, there's no way.
[BOTH gasp]
[YURI]
Huh? Weird.
You two've been married
for a whole year now,
and you do that when
your hands touch?
Wait, are you really married?
Uh. What are you talking about?
We're head over heels in love.
Yeah, madly.
I don't know...
If you're as married as you say,
you're gonna have to
prove it to me somehow.
Do you need to see
our marriage license?
[YURI]
That's not what I mean!
You gotta kiss her
right here and now.
Should be easy if
you're "madly" in love.
But you're making it awkward.
[YURI]
Just one kiss, okay?
Then I'll leave it be.
But if you can't,
I'm going to City Hall
and having them
annul your marriage!
[TWILIGHT] This is bad.
What are we gonna do?
Calm down, Twilght.
You're the top spy in Westalis.
You've had relations
with countless women
for the sake of the job.
What's one simple kiss to
save the entire mission.
Well, if that's all it takes.
Huh?! Hold on, Loid.
Come on, Yor, we kiss
every day, right? So...
[YOR] We need to for the sake
of our fake marriage, but--
[YOR gasps]
[YOR squealing]
[inaudible]